README.md, before:

Coop SymbioTIC CiviCRM Aegir signup form
========================================

Hacks used by Coop Symbiotic (https://www.symbiotic.coop) for the signup
form to create a new CiviCRM instance in Aegir.

To download the latest version of this extension:  
https://github.com/coopsymbiotic/coop.symbiotic.symbiocivicrm

Requirements
============

- CiviCRM 5.x (latest stable)

Installation
============

Install as any other regular CiviCRM extension:

1- Download this extension and unpack it in your 'extensions' directory.
   You may need to create it if it does not already exist, and configure
   the correct path in CiviCRM -> Administer -> System -> Directories.

2- Enable the extension from CiviCRM -> Administer -> System -> Extensions.

Support
=======

Please post bug reports in the issue tracker of this project on github:  
https://github.com/coopsymbiotic/coop.symbiotic.symbiocivicrm

This is a community contributed extension written thanks to the financial
support of organisations using it, as well as the very helpful and collaborative
CiviCRM community.

If you appreciate this module, please consider donating to the CiviCRM project:
http://civicrm.org/participate/support-civicrm

While we do our best to provide volunteer support for this extension, please
consider financially contributing to support or development of this extension
if you can.

Commercial support via Coop SymbioTIC: <https://www.symbiotic.coop>

License
=======

(C) 2014-2015 Mathieu Lutfy <mathieu@bidon.ca>  
(C) 2014-2015 Coop SymbioTIC <info@symbiotic.coop>

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
    published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
    License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

See LICENSE.txt for details.

A license exception is granted to run this program in combination with
PHP. See LICENSE.exception.txt for details.

Commit message:

Add Settings page to reduce the number of hardcoded IDs.

README.md, after:

Coop SymbioTIC CiviCRM Aegir signup form
========================================

Customizations by Coop Symbiotic (https://www.symbiotic.coop/en) to create a signup
form using CiviCRM Contribution Pages, in order to then automatically create a new
site instance in Aegir.

To download the latest version of this extension:  
https://github.com/coopsymbiotic/coop.symbiotic.symbiocivicrm

Requirements
============

- CiviCRM 5.x (latest stable)

Installation
============

Install as any other regular CiviCRM extension:

1- Download this extension and unpack it in your 'extensions' directory.
   You may need to create it if it does not already exist, and configure
   the correct path in CiviCRM -> Administer -> System -> Directories.

2- Enable the extension from CiviCRM -> Administer -> System -> Extensions.

An admin configuration page is available at: /civicrm/admin/setting/symbiocivicrm

Support
=======

Please post bug reports in the issue tracker of this project on github:  
https://github.com/coopsymbiotic/coop.symbiotic.symbiocivicrm

This is a community contributed extension written thanks to the financial
support of organisations using it, as well as the very helpful and collaborative
CiviCRM community.

If you appreciate this module, please consider donating to the CiviCRM project:
http://civicrm.org/participate/support-civicrm

While we do our best to provide volunteer support for this extension, please
consider financially contributing to support or development of this extension
if you can.

Commercial support via Coop SymbioTIC: <https://www.symbiotic.coop>

License
=======

(C) 2014-2018 Mathieu Lutfy <mathieu@bidon.ca>  
(C) 2014-2018 Coop SymbioTIC <info@symbiotic.coop>

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
    published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
    License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

See LICENSE.txt for details.

A license exception is granted to run this program in combination with
PHP. See LICENSE.exception.txt for details.
